Thank you very much everyone. Shrekha Delish, and welcome everyone. Thank you. Thank you so much.
Again we continue the teachings, the practice on six parabdha, which is the activating the bodhij
ata and bodhijata, the mind of enlightenment.
That also indicates that we all have mind of the Buddha.
So now we have to activate that, and that is known as the actualizing bodhijata, activating bodhij
ata with the physically, verbally, the performing, engaging, lined up with the bodhijata, and that
is the activating bodhijata.
And with that, again to do that, we are going to be activated, re-celerated of our, of the
motivations, the joy and appreciation, and Vasna's motivation of the bodhijata for all living
beings to become their enlightenment,
and as well as to bring the realization of the body, beyond realization of the body and the
teaching, by myself, and as well as all the beings to bring that realization.
Having that intelligent thought, and for that reason, I'm going to reflect the teachings, the
greatest teachings of the bodhijata community, known as the teachings of the protonal teaching, and
vastness teachings.
So this is a little bit known as sabbatthi-jajevichu, and I'm going to reflect that.
I'm going to listen, I'm going to analyze, and I'm going to absorb that into my heart as practices,
I'm going to be meaningful, meaningful of that.
So I'm going to become myself as a dharma, mandali dharma, with me, not dharma and myself separated
through different places.
Observe the teaching into the heart, activating that.
Having those beautiful intelligent thought, in order to become that, may Buddha, bodhisattva, Gaur
abhima, sambhava, all the lineage Mahasam, please bless me there, so I can actualize that
realization.
Exactly you all got realization.
Having those beautiful intelligent thought, and then we follow, again, the teaching.
The teaching, particularly the sound, we follow the teachings of the Japri Dunyurungu teachings
that will go on that frame, teaching.
And which is known as, then, the heart-advised to 14 students.
That is Japri Dunyurungu, this teaching, maybe 50 years ago, but this teaching is true for all of
us, the 14th, all the 14th ones.
It means everyone, we all are 14th.
We went through many different ways that went through when we were discussing about Paul, Reynolds,
and Tho, and so we really discussed.
We are all 14th, 14th practitioners. We are 14th.
We have such a wonderful opportunity, wonderful sambhavas, wonderful conditions.
We are sovereign, and we have already been 14th.
Born with 14th children, with a clear, instantic mind, and very thoughtful, and spiritually
oriented thoughts.
Not just only ourselves, we are thinking, thinking about other beings.
Those who are all known in the sign of the realization.
Those who are the seedling signs of the realization of enlightenment is booming up, really true.
It's just true.
Coming to vapors, like spring water, we all have that.
But this is not just only enough to have that.
This can be, again, damaged and interrupted by the myth of the chaos in the samsara situation.
There we go every day through that challenges, and therefore it can be really so done and
interrupted.
For that reason, we need practice. That is all about it.
Practice, as known as practice makes perfect. It really will bring the perfection status.
Continually, so we move forward, steady, steadfast, we move forward, and then it will bring the
realization.
So, with those understanding, and now we go with these teachings.
Any teachings that we can do now, which kind of is to go to the point that we are, you kind of lay
out,
as following the teachings of the kumkibai and other ningman masters,
or the practice, master of the practice, lineage, the beginning good, middle good, and kumkulure
good.
We are now in the middle good.
Middle good is the principle part of the practices.
Middle good is also not just a kind of middle good.
I don't need any other of those, beginning good and ending good.
Always we combine. All of these three are so important.
It really makes it perfect, completely perfect. It makes total practices.
It's not incomplete. It will every have these three.
So, every time this motivation, the joy and the appreciation, precious attitude,
the feeling of these four renounce as your thought, reference, both each other, and the devotions.
Those are known as beginning good, but always we should have that.
As much as we can. Even during the middle, the middle of the years,
intensive practices such as repetition, or the visualization, or the dzokti meditation,
or Mohammedan meditation, occasionally bring up those beautiful thoughts.
For first minutes, or for second. It's so powerful, so important.
And the teachings say it. All the masters always say it.
When you do those, reflect the thought, it will freshen up your practices.
It will freshen up your concentrations. It will freshen up your devotions.
It will freshen up, stabilize the meditation.
Bring more clarity, more crispy clarity in the meditation.
Not dull, soggy, looks like almost going to sink to the earth, to the end of the earth.
No, it's brightness, it really brings up those.
It's always there, so it's kind of fresh up, reactivated that.
And so those are really so important.
And therefore, even during the middle of the practice, middle of the or the principal practices.
Principal practices is that then, as we discuss it, or follow in the teachings of Lom Kimpa,
middle good, middle good. And that is then, particularly, actualizing both each other's.
Acculizing both each other, the whole practice is now the actualizing both each other.
And the both each other is when you collide, then it summarizes into six paramata practices.
That is more kind of leveraged, highlighted, the intensifying of the quality of the both each other
's,
or practice of the both each other.
As we discussed yesterday, and you know already, the practice of both each other,
we need courage, and commitment, and confidence.
These six paramata practices are so powerful.
It's well removed, or purified, the mundane habit of the samsara.
It clearly that, and bring up the perfect meaning of the lives, meaning of the time, meaning of the
situations.
Finally, it will bring the realization of the Buddha's hope, order to benefit for all sensitive
beings.
So therefore, courage and commitment is so important.
With that, have that, bring us both in circles, the bravery, put enlightenment, have that kind of
bring up that, is then this both six paramatas.
In order to do these paramata practices, also we need courage.
We have to be brave, generous practices, morality practices, patient practices, all the other param
ata practices, we need bravery.
We need, we bring up our healing, worship, call it, really bring up that, call it.
With openness, with relaxed, with smart, with practical.
So that means, for the worship practice, the six paramata, or the five paramata, is solely guided
by six paramata wisdom.
Wisdom paramata is guided every other paramata practices.
Wisdom is like eyes in the teaching state, eyes of the five paramatas.
Wisdom is eye of the generous paramata.
Wisdom is eye of the morality paramatas.
And wisdom is eye of the patient paramatas, and so forth.
That is, that means, combined target.
That means, it's completely guided, perfectly, really practical, very affectful,
to bring practice, that benefit to my own self, but also for other beings.
Because the solely purpose of the body together is to benefit for others.
That's what we know, that's what we've heard, that's what we've taught, learned.
So therefore, it is true, have those smart.
And with this, and now we talk, without those understanding, again,
now we go over the topic, what we started yesterday, which is third paramata, the patient paramatas
,
which is a chant paramatas.
Chant paramata is the most powerful paramata, again.
As the teaching said, for example, the other one is so powerful, so speaker.
But the morality, the second paramata, is more powerful than the generous paramata.
And more profound, more deeper, more powerful, morality paramata.
And morality paramata, to compare with the moral paramata and the patient paramata,
the patient paramata is more deeper, more stronger, more effective, more powerful.
It is deeper.
And that's how the teaching goes.
Generacy is so important, so special.
But morality is more deeper than the generous.
And morality is, again, so special, beautiful.
It is a foundation for all the practices, but the patient paramata is so powerful, strong.
Of course, if we had the patient paramatas,
our morality paramata would become so strong, so good, not fragile, not timid.
Not kind of weak, weak, kind of feeble status, really met strong.
So that is the patient paramata is so important.
Now, the patient paramata, again, is one.
The nature of the patient paramata, I may have already in the teaching said, is not disturbed.
Not disturbed, of the attitude of not disturbed.
That is the nature of the patient paramatas.
That also indicates in the samsara, where we are, there are so many challenges,
so many kind of situations, circumstances that come up.
And we can be disturbed, but we strongly, standing firmly,
strongly our principle of the body together.
Then it won't disturb, to disturb.
Maybe it will disturb you for a short moment or two seconds,
but if we catch up with the wisdom of the mindfulness,
we will reach a point back to our put, where we are standing, firmly standing.
We can stand tall in the frame and the storms.
So therefore, it is not disturbed.
But nature or the identity, maybe I can say,
to the nature of the patient paramata is not disturbed.
Not disturbed.
And in the teaching said, use the example,
strong and solid as the mountains.
No matter whatever the situation or circumstances,
the change mostly remains as mode.
Whether it is raining, whether it is sunny, whether it is winter,
whether it is summer, the whole time remains strong.
That is, and not losing the identity of the body together.
Body together, again, if we go back to the work again,
where the patient is the best, is in body together.
We talk that vision, body together as poor, boundless.
So patient is standing firmly on the poor, boundless.
Poor, boundless for all the sentient beings.
That's what we discuss.
Now, we talk anyway then, we discuss the vision, body together.
One, the tunguni practices, samplitutta or equalizing, exchanging,
others are more important than one's own self.
Those are wishing, body together.
When we do thinking of those thought,
it's known as in the teaching, mentally exercising.
Now, not just a mental exercising,
when you come to the sex environment,
you're actually, we are physically, verbally,
we are engaging in that, say, our philosophy, principles,
in the action, in the society, in social events,
or in the groups, with others.
That is what we really are. Now, you're really putting that in exercise.
Those, that's poor, boundless, and tunguni practices,
or those dagi nyamba, dagi jyaba, and dagi jenji in a debate.
We are putting exercise.
So to do this, this patient is one of the very, very powerful.
We can handle and stand firmly with that,
and not like the dawn of us, from our passages,
or our path, path.
Then that is the dawn of the great principle,
symbol of the good practitioners.
And this is what, again, in the tunguni practices,
or this is what we discussed all day.
Ancient, all those great masters, really, in a sense,
joy, articha, came into debate. This practice becomes so powerful in debate,
such as, like, thirty-seven practices, the bodhisattvas,
we must have started. You read those teachings.
And at first, of loudly tungkas, those are not just the same words,
those are practices.
Those are the practices of this bodhijata, or the sixth part of the practices.
In Ilan, I thought, what is teaching?
What I didn't teach, I said, one of the...
This is a really nice story.
I mean, it's not just a story, but it's a true story.
In the teachings, see, there are only eleven centuries.
There is a master known as Chekhov.
He is very learned.
He knows all the three bhikka teachings, three bhikka teachings,
as well as his started logics, and he is very well established.
It's scholars.
One time, he came to see Sharapat, Sharapat, his kind of friend,
I think, classmate of friend, and came to see him.
And he is very also, that his friend and teacher is very famous.
Some of the students, disciples, he's teaching.
And so, he was this kind of, like, helping to the many disciples and all that.
And so, he came to visit, and he's on the pillow.
His friend's pillow does teaching.
Below, there's a book, a book with volumes.
And when he went out, he just took that book and opened it.
In that book, that, we do kind of very powerful works
of the Downwind Thumpers teaching, known as Adverses.
Adverses is not standard, Adverses.
And two of those, what he saw, he kind of stuck to his mind, really, sort of.
He said, "Give the victory, gain and the victory to the others."
"Give the gain and the victory to the others."
"And take the lose and defeat to yourself."
"Loses and defeat, take to you, one's own self."
"Offer or gain the gain and the victory to the others."
He saw that. It really stretched to his mind.
It stretched to his mind.
When his friend returned back to his, like, heaven.
He was the famous teacher.
He asked him, "Who did this teaching?"
"But what is this?"
"This is what he told."
"It's a very famous teaching of the Downwind Thumpers."
"Thumpers."
His soul is so spiritual, so powerful.
How can you see that?
Who had this more explanation and teachings?
He said the Downwind Thumpers himself had this teaching.
So really, he decided to go to see Downwind Thumpers.
Downwind Thumpers.
So on the way, coming to the Downwind Thumpers,
I think Downwind Thumpers is in a standard way, a long thing.
Downwind Thumpers is a great master named after a place where he stays.
Downwind Thumpers.
But Eddie is a name called Long Thump, I think.
And so he came there to see.
But on the way, he stopped on the last afternoon at the Serkum Ambullet.
He had gone to the Ambullet for two days.
So when he was doing the Serkum Ambullet, he met one man.
Man, he asked, "Where you came?"
He said, "I came from London."
"Oh, so you must have saw Long Thumpers."
He said, "Yes, I saw that."
But Long Thumpers, he passed away and turned Mahabharic around.
And he thought, "Oh, so sorry that I'd like to receive more teachings on this."
But I saw it.
But who is now there?
Who is the leading order of these big monasteries of Long Thumpers or the disciples?
Well, there are two masters. They are kind of like debating or they're having disagreements.
Disagreements.
And he thought, "Oh, that's really not good."
"Oh, definitely. If they're not agreeing to each other, that means they don't have the instructions
of this adverse death."
Because they're arguing, like he can't wait because the man also can't wait like that.
But in reality, it's not really their finding.
In the teaching, he said there are three famous Marx disciples.
One is the letter "order."
And the other is the letter "younger."
The older one is known as "Do-di-ba."
And the younger one is known as "Shang-jung-ba."
And so, "Shang-jung-ba" is, I think, maybe I'm quickly mixed up too.
But "Shang-jung-ba" is more, yeah, older.
"Do-di-ba" is more younger, but "Do-di-ba" is more kind of learned.
And the other is a little more older.
So, "Shang-jung-ba," older student of Long Thumpers said,
"Do-di-ba," you should take care of all this congregation or the student
because you're more learned.
Then, "Please, you take that."
And the other is saying, "No, you should take care of all this student and your older,
and I will respect you as same as my teacher, Long Thumpers.
So, please, you will take care."
And so, they both are having respect to each other,
and that's why they're really having some disagreement.
It's not they're fighting that who will rule that,
because they respect that thing, you see.
So, however he didn't understand, "I got that message,"
he said, "Oh, I'm not going to learn Latin," and so he went.
And then he asked, "Who had this really, this lineage teaching?"
"Please stop him."
He kind of searching, searching.
And there is a very famous, famous master known as "Shang-jung-ba,"
which has so many students, potent students, he's teaching.
So, he went there and attended on the, well, he's giving the teaching.
"Shang-jung-ba" is giving teaching, and he listened hopefully this.
But in the teaching, he never mentioned one word about the adverses, nothing mentioned.
He thought, "Oh, maybe this Islam teacher don't have that.
Also, this teaching, so I'm not going to stay here for a long time."
So, but anyway, one time he thought, at the end of the way he's saying,
he thought, "I'm going to ask him."
"Darely, if you have this instruction or not."
So, through that time, this "sharaba," he's doing "sharaba"
on the stupa, the stupa.
So, Cheka himself went there, and he stopped that "sharaba"
on the way, and he stopped him on the way, and he put the letter.
That 18 times the video can do those things.
Now those, not custom, like I don't saw.
But he's also, they're so direct to each other, direct.
So, he put the small cushion on the ground, asked the teacher,
"Please sit down on this floor."
"Oh, in this cushion, I have one question to ask you."
And so, this "sharaba" put a stop, and he said that,
"What do you have undecided or doubt that not decided?"
"What question do you have?"
"I've decided everything, my whole plan, in one sitting on one cushion."
"One sitting on one cushion, what do you have?"
"What do you have that undecided dilemma?"
"What do you have?"
And so, he sat there, and he sat down on the cushion.
Then "sharaba," sorry, Cheka asked to him.
I saw this really interesting, beautiful standard teaching,
teaching, and so he repeated that,
"But I'd really like to know more of this."
"And you have this, how important is, how is this?"
He said, "Don't make it important, not important."
"Have you learnt to reach enlightenment?"
"Brotherhood, that's the way."
"If you don't want, then that's it."
"But otherwise, there's no other alternative than this."
Then he said, "You have this teaching?"
"Yes, I have that teaching."
"That's my principle practices."
And then he asked, "Will you give me the instruction?"
"Did you tell the instructor or repeat the instruction on this teaching?"
"Yes, I will give."
"But if you have found you have to stay long time with me, then I will do."
So, this Cheka said with him six years in the teaching set.
Six years, there's entire teachings.
Then Cheka himself become one of the great master of practicing on the Bodhisattvas.
Bodhisattvas, Rhemus, Cheka, that he really got the practice of this,
versus teaching.
So that is really the teaching of the way.
When you hear these teachings, some of those words, as I said, what I said,
"Give the gain, gain and the vectority to the others."
"Take the rules, defeat to yourself."
That is a great, powerful statement of the Bodhisattva, the complications.
And that is made, they have the most powerful courage and commitment.
Passion, passion, that is what really it is.
So therefore, this passion practice is so important, so special and powerful.
So now, when we do the vision practice in the teaching set,
first you have to think of what is the un-benefit of not doing vision practices.
Or what is the mistakes and errors of not doing the vision practice,
or not having vision, vision.
Then you should think, what is the benefit of the vision practice?
If we do the vision, if we have the vision, I mean, simple I say,
if you have the vision, what benefit is it?
If you don't have vision, what is un-benefit?
If you take that, between two that, put it in two bounds, two bounds.
One is un-vegan, or there is a vision.
You think, un-vegan has no benefit, both in the samsara and in the nirvana.
The all the miserables, the all the difficulties, challenges,
really brought up by un-vegan in the samsara.
As I said yesterday too, I mean, it's not just I'm saying we don't know.
It's truly, that's truly been experienced in our mind.
For example, in the samsara, everyone wants happiness,
everyone wants privilege, payment members, associations,
associations with each other, relationships, all of that.
That is one of the goals, one of the eight goals, the concerns,
gain and obtaining, that is really our weakest.
All the beings of samsara, to gain, to have reputation, to good things,
and to relationship, friends, family member, and we make so much effort.
That is because that's what we like to do, we make efforts.
This un-vegan, the anger that comes holds that what you built up for years.
It smashes, it really destroys.
To build up the friendships, it's not just going to become friendly immediately.
Many times it takes time, gradually we build the trustees,
you build the friendships, become friends, friends.
But the years of the effort of the friendships,
destroyed by the, maybe five minutes, the unpatient activities,
unpatient, the whole, that destroyed within one, that five minutes,
or maybe even seconds, that we all know is not mystery.
They think, as I said, in all the kind of good things in the samsara,
the families, beautiful families, luxurious homes, luxurious old, everything,
beachfront houses, old front houses, the ocean, the lakefront views,
and the mountains, the baths, the jacuzzas, the hot tub, and the swimming pools,
that every desire of the old, indigenous waters coming according to temperature,
what you desire, and make those things.
Such precious atmospheres.
But one or two times unpatient activity again smashes all that.
And this is what samsara means.
Really, it's true.
Because why it's happening?
It's unpatient.
Many times those destroyed has not big meanings.
It's not big deals.
Because our stubbornness of the ego clinging,
and our kind of arrogance, and arrogance, and jealousness,
whatever the reason, it just smashes all things.
It completely blinded us.
Becomes the dark, creates the dark, and don't see anything, and then smashes.
When that happens, the end, almost everyone feels so bad, so ashamed,
unwilling, then they start blaming to themselves for destroying themselves.
All different ways.
This all started because of the unpatients.
In the samsara we talk.
That is why I have that.
The whole apprenticeships, whole harmonies,
peacefuls, communications, everything is destroyed.
But on the other hand, we have the patience.
There are patience.
And in the teachings it, let it go.
Let it go.
Let it come.
Not holding onto that.
Onto that.
Then we continue ego with the friendships.
And we can learn, we can teach, we can support each other,
we can clarify those things.
Don't have to destroy it right there.
The old efforts.
That is what this, that's in the samsaras.
Then in the Buddha teaching, in the nirvana,
patience has no benefit at all.
In the Buddha teaching, when that happened,
for example, in the samsara, that not ended right there.
We created negative calmness.
One great Master Shanti Deva said,
"The one-third of the eons of the making offerings,
generously, morality practices,
that many chori is destroyed by their one moment of anger."
In the teaching sense.
Anger, therefore anger has no value.
Anger has no value, anger has no quality, good quality,
at all, except is 100% and one is positive.
Bad.
It's disturbance.
The biggest obstacles among all the negative beings is anger.
For that reason again, said there is no worse bad karma
than the anger activities.
There is no better good karma than the patience.
Therefore, every means of the effort make patience, be patient.
That's really the teaching sense.
Is it true?
If the samsara is so clear, then we can see.
It's not something that we have to believe.
It's evidence.
Evidence.
Our own eyewitness or our own senses are witnessed.
This is how it is.
So therefore, thinking the bad resolve,
bad aspect of the anger and thinking of the good
and benefit of the patient, then we should practice patient practice,
patient parameters, patient parameters.
And so now this patient parameter, as I say,
I mean not as I say that, but we know that it is subdivided into three sections.
Patient and I kind of just trying to say exactly as an individual
in the English or the meaning roughly trying to translate it into English.
And then we go a little bit over on those each point.
The first one is, is...
and the...
Never mind, never mind attitude toward all the obstacles
or toward all the harm-doors.
Harm-doors may be harm, harm-doors.
Never mind attitude to all the harm-doors.
So that's number one.
Second is, joyfully, openly accepting all the challenges and difficulties.
That is second.
And third is, then,
never bored and tired of the doing good practice
or good deeds, such as parabola practices, six parabola practices.
Or never scared and afraid of the profound meaning of the teachings.
So those are three patient practices, highlight patient practices.
That's now what we discussed on this patient practice.
And we went yesterday, the world meaning of the patient.
Sanskrit meaning, the world meaning.
And then, second, we went with the division or the benefit of the patient.
There is a poem that I kind of listed as one after another.
Maybe not so clear. I don't know if you read that poem.
That is the same as all the parabolas.
Po, po, po.
Each one is slightly different according to each of those.
It's like opposite. It purifies opposite of each of those.
And that means, again, that means, for example, opposite with generosity is the miserous.
When you do the generous practices, it purifies miserous or it reduces the miserous.
When we do the moralic practices, it purifies opposite demoralities.
And when you practice all the patient, it will purify the angles, angles, angles.
So far, so easy.
Then, second, second, benefit as the same thing.
Second and third and fourth, benefit all the same to all the parabolas.
And then, also, it went so.
Second one is, maybe yesterday, I kind of said it's like different orders,
but it's the same thing.
Second is great realization of the emptiness of each meaning of the poems of patient.
Patient is also, nature is emptiness.
And most same thing, generously, nature is emptiness.
Morality, nature is emptiness.
Patient, nature is emptiness.
And how that can happen?
Because patient is who is really doing patient.
It's no other than our mind.
Mind is empty.
Or at least nobody part of the mind, ever since.
But that's up in all the enlightenment ways, even the scientists,
all this modern physics, really never own.
Therefore, it's called emptiness.
So, the patient is also the same thing.
It's within that same nature.
It's nothing different than nature.
Nature.
Then, patient in the teachings, the third one.
Each parabola is the same.
It will fulfill the wishes of you.
Once you want your own wishes, it will fulfill.
And wishes of others, it will fulfill.
Others, according to the degree of the,
or the degree and intensity of the parameters,
it will help to you, it will to the others.
And the fourth one.
Then, this parabola, when we do the parabola practice,
we are communicated with each, the videos.
By your physical language, which is known as body language.
Or, such as, what's it called?
Wobbly communicated, you're doing parabola practice.
So, whoever heard these things or see these things,
it will make some impressions.
Impressions.
Impressions, it will lead in the teachings,
it will connect to their designated karmas or capabilities.
And such as three yanas.
And Shabrokayana, perfect Bodhayana, and Bodhisattva yana,
it will lead to their final,
past passage of their final goals of realization.
So, those are, we discussed yesterday,
but again, I'm talking, that moment was trying to,
kind of, highlight them like this.
With this, now, when you come to the patient parameter,
we're going to practice of this.
There's three divisions, as I already said, three.
First is, never mind attitude toward harm tools.
Harm drugs.
That is, again, why?
Because our bodies are there.
Because our only practices.
We're doing this, not just for ourselves,
but for all the things.
The primary purpose is, we're going to do it,
because we are going to defeat the most powerful obstacles,
or powerful enemies.
The ego claims, negative emotions.
They've been our, they've been the hindrance to us,
and obstacles to us.
The armament, the ongoing enemies to us,
disturbing our joy and peace, happiness,
ever since, from the beginning times.
Today, we are going to process to defeat them.
Therefore, we are going to top, kind of, like,
skills and methods and challenges we're going to get up there.
In the Great Mosque of Shanti Devas, in these cities,
when you like to perform the big goals,
you have to go somewhere over the hardships.
For example, if we got sick,
if we got very sick, or some kind of, like, bad sick,
we go top treatment,
because we're going to be patient with that top treatment,
such as surgeries.
We're going to be patient, even though it's cutting our borders.
We're going to be doing the surgeries to our body,
but we're going to be patient with that,
because we're going to defeat big, big things,
more bigger than death.
Same way, we're going to defeat this negative emotion,
negative enemies.
For that reason, we're known as also courageous for enlightenment.
Courageous for our enlightenment, for ourselves,
courageous for enlightenment, for all the beings.
That is what the reason the warrior is, true warriors.
As I said yesterday, the Great Mosque of Shanti Devas said,
"When you defeat the enemy or the negative emotion,
that is the great warrior."
That is really warriors.
One way somebody can be in the samsara,
because he or she killed that enemy.
But that, according to Dharma, is not the warriors,
not the bravery, that's timid.
We're really going to die,
die in killing that again.
What has formed?
It looks like kind of like putting the arrow or the knife
or the sword to the corpse.
Corpse.
That is not the one.
The trauma challenge, divorce and enemies,
is a negative emotion.
That is going to defeat.
Completely defeated.
Uproot.
Kick out from the area of our space
to straight of the great emptiness.
That is truly warriors.
They have, with full of courage, full of commitment,
full of confidence,
and we are going to then take care of all those different
opponents or the difficulty, whatever the hindrance counts,
we are going to take care of them.
We are going to have the attitude of
never mind the harm to the harm those.
Plus, also in the teaching scene,
I suggest the great one, Chandi Deva II,
if anybody is doing harmful,
if we have the patient, that is really, they are putting us test.
They are training us.
Without the trainings,
we are not going to become the warriors.
For example, we like to go to the Olympic Games.
Or like Russell Stadiums, or those platforms, Russells.
You have to train.
You have to train both of the muscles.
But these sentient beings are pretty offering us
the exercise, pretty offering.
Therefore, in the teaching,
they are the primary cause to lead enlightenment.
They are really, truly.
If there is only the instructions,
but not trainers,
we won't get enlightenment.
We are thankful to the Buddhas
and the great Bodhisattvas
because they are blessings, they are instructions,
they are all the wisdom.
True.
But who is putting all the wisdom in the test
and exercise in the practical manuals?
These sentient beings.
Therefore, in the teaching said,
we should thankful equally to the Buddhas
and to sentient beings.
Both are kind.
One is showing how to do, practice all that,
and the other is giving the test and the training.
Therefore, thankful.
Instead, feel upset and following emotions.
If we follow the emotions, we are subjected,
under the subject of the emotions.
Then we lost, we become the victims.
That's what we become.
In the teaching said,
we become the slavery of the emotions, negative emotions.
We will become the servant.
Not just the servant once and while,
like kind of like in the hours or few hours,
the whole constant, whole lifetime, day and night,
we become the slavery of the emotions, negative emotions.
This means for a long time, not just a short time.
From the beginning of this time,
we've been slavery of the negative emotions.
Today is the great teaching of the great teacher,
Buddha Kya Kya Muni, all the Bodhisattvas.
We are really going to change the course.
How wonderful, how beautiful, how special.
Therefore, the palm blowers are so good.
For those reasons, what a great master,
just like most of Tommy's in 37 practices.
What did he say?
I mean, you read those.
Many of you already know.
I also did read the teaching.
One of the teachers said,
the one I'm taking care of my own son,
one I took care of as my own son or my own child,
that same one made me all the obstacles,
made a whole state of enemies.
Instead, get upset to that.
He should be more thankful that he's putting me
in the test of the patience.
Thankful to God. We accept that situation.
Thankfully and even more kindly to that person
as like mother is so kind when the children are sick.
Children are sick, the mother is so kind.
Same way, they're sick mentally sick.
Therefore, I instead get upset.
I should be thankful and take care of them.
That is practice of the Bodhisattva.
That's what really great master.
Just say what your Tommy is.
It is one of the 37 standards of these teachings.
So that's how it is.
So that's an understanding of that.
And with that, then we go.
Those three patient practices just one up another.
Really, we go.
So I mentioned and thank you again.
Thank you very much, everyone, for participating.
And listening, and thank you.
Okay, thank you very much, everyone.
Thank you.
Everyone.
Now we do a short meditation.
Thank you.